you were born to be a villain obviously
congrats on your roles in the Austin
Powers movies thanks man I'm currently
working on the role of a Suge Knight
style record producer who neither
records nor produces but tries to
harness the sound of the streets in an
old Jewish all-vegan remake of NWA the
working title is straight out of the
shtetl because apparently ghetto has
lost its original meaning it's a great
role because i get to slap around most
of the other cast members and improv
sessions can be very intense and
rewarding however long hours in
rehearsal holding a lit cigar has really
been taken a toll on me what is this
[ __ ] video give me a URL so i can
donate something to you do something
that requires money and send us a link
it's been almost eight days since I've
given you cash to put somebody in prison
or whatever and I've been really in need
of a new pledge to invest in I feel you
might dude it's a big fundraiser coming
up for my record label putting up the
first album from sons of b12 aka the
tofu clan the roughest all vegan rap
grew in the game although some members
have been reluctant to stop wearing
leather shoes jordans when they're on
stage our manager Morty says you can
have it handled before our first gig in
VN chan hashtag no ghostwriter no glory
is someone tickling izel under the table
because what is he laughing about I'm
not seeing what he's finding funny I
have an acute awareness of the absurdity
of my so-called normal life I take what
I do seriously but I laughed myself so
often because the whole situation is too
surreal to really be taken seriously
it's just a childish fantasy to think
that you can go into an abattoir armed
and shut it down and there will be no
legal consequences for you if these
people were 13 years old those notions
might be funny since they're in their
30s and 40s it's pathetic what they
would actually do with hundreds or
thousands of farm animals five minutes
after they had quote unquote liberated
them is another question I know a sad
story of a man who spontaneously rescued
one Pig from a slaughterhouse I believe
he simply bought the pig immediately
before she would have died
he then walked through the pig to a
vegetarian restaurant to ask the owners
what they thought he should do with her
I heard the story from the restaurant
owners themselves I actually don't get
insulted or defensive when people
reproach vegans or even myself
personally of being motivated by ego
some people play golf and go downhill
skiing because of ego and some people
sleep with prostitutes because of ego
etc etc so I think it's pretty easy to
respond by showing that veganism it's a
relatively positive direction it take
even if you are motivated by eco
veganism maybe self sacrificing for some
and it may be self aggrandizing for
others maybe that's just okay he's
butthurt because you put him in the same
category as durianrider a few weeks ago
in one of your videos if you want to be
more respected than durianrider you have
to actually be better than terrain rider
whether you're offering health and diet
advice or presenting yourself as a
journalist being principled doing fact
jacking being honest with the nature of
your sources etc all matter in this
world believe it or not the founding
concept of TMZ was that they would be
superior to their competition ie the
tabloids by actually maintaining
standards of journalism doing
fact-checking verification sources etc
and for this reason they missed some
stories for years by the way but hey
it's absurd nobody could expect me to be
the one apologizing the cheetah in this
scenario ie one might expect the
opposite it's not a cult until we get
those matching robes back from the
tailor see you at my save the planet sex
seance in 2017 bagels till midnight
hashtag yes this is satire hashtag
self-parody is the best defense against
becoming a cult leader the whole don't
call anyone stupid bit reminded me of a
time in my childhood when I was about 10
or 11 years old I had first met my baby
cousin who was crying I said something
to the effect of don't cry it's okay my
aunt asked me to stop saying don't to
the baby as it was a negative word I
turned back the baby and said it would
be a really good thing if you stop
crying my aunt responded silently with
visible chagrin
my point is that even if you tell a
child they cannot tell call someone
stupid they will either ignore you find
another way of essentially saying that
very same thing same with adults you can
have a formal business meeting where
people figure out four or five different
ways to say this report is inadequate I
can remember two different cases offhand
when I struggled to communicate to a
professor this PhD thesis was so awful
and so factually flawed that in one case
I actually fell on the floor laughing
hysterically because the PhD thesis was
that terrible you can play with words
you can play with money you can play
with people's emotions but the bottom
line is if you've got a message to
deliver just deliver it if there are
compelling reasons to tell someone bad
news you might as well tell it in a
compelling way I understand your
intentions are worthy and important but
your approach can be offensive and
misunderstood especially when dealing
with vegans who may be as ignorant about
things you believe in as a hardcore
carnist is about veganism and I'm not
even saying I always feel you were right
in your opinions take risks you've got
the risk being misunderstood you've got
to risk offending others and you've got
the risk being offended yourself have
your heart broken again and again and
still reach out to people and do the
right thing because it's the right thing
to do cowardice isn't just about
avoiding conflict it's about the
difference between meaning and
meaninglessness nobody wants meaningless
conflict but if you want a life that's
meaningful it will include conflict
meaningful conflict YouTube is like the
only club in town that's open after 3am
you don't go there because it's good you
go because you don't have a better
alternative and the people you meet
their two aren't good that the people
who have nowhere else to go what I do on
YouTube is not activism it is merely
better than nothing a lot of us simply
don't have much to give and don't have
better options the choice is be honest
about it versus being on an insane ego
trip
I'm finding it tough being a nihilistic
atheist vegan these days sometimes we
all need nothing to believe in your
thoughts on euthanasia dr. evil life is
like a bad hotel show up late check out
early every room is a Bible in the
bedside table every room is a bottle of
whiskey in the fridge try not to indulge
in either one